hello dear friends and today we are
Play Maynkraft map about Slender
which created svintus 97
i this time surviving un stands we
we can begin
yes just do not call to tell when you
there will be one note
ascii say notes and fog set
fog fog fog fog I didn't set
setting very close the graphics left
the graphics are fast yes you don't go to
construction site is configured on a piece of what she
you have everything very close now but
Everything is so I found the first note now
slender ice or search we send for 2
note the second note we leave we leave from
another slider on the site
I'm stuck in a tree on note 3 damn
here at least you are not such a terrible slender
damn so far anyway about two more notes 4
where else are the notes
some weird stuff in general is dan
stern and us lando don't look at me i
said don't look at me in front of us
I understand the views in the CNS tank
there is no note
and we bring down we throw we throw while put huskies
subscribe comment